WIP: Add styling for an icon in the table cell (#3281)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/base/tables.md

View example of the base table
</a></div>

### Icons

<span class="p-label--new">New</span>

> All the cells (including headers) in columns that contain cells with an icon should have a `.p-table__cell--with-icon` class name to align the icons and cell content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the cells in a column has an icon, all cells in the same column (including headers) should have a `.p-table__cell--with-icon` to ensure proper alignment of the text values.
```
